Well we really covered a lot until now and we're nearing the end of course.
Now there are two big topics left and here's the first of the two the refl. API.
Now they reflect API as the last module which will come after that refers to.
Or it can be counter to the meta programming corner.
So it's it has something to do with metaprogramming which means it gives us tools to evaluate our code
during runtime for example to find out if the object has a specific property.
Now the refl. API offer is a lot of built in static methods which you can use to create objects to create
properties configure properties to call functions and now probably the first question everyone has.
Why do we need this.
We got all of that already in shell script.
It has at least two advantages or free depending on how you count.
One is in bundles all of these things.
Currently there is a mixture of objects or built in keywords which do different things for example to
delete a property you have the delete key word to create a new one you have object Daut defined properties
so that static method on the object object and all of that.
So we got a couple of different places where all these things live.
And now it's bundled into one single API which is certainly a good decision.
Now the old ways to do those things still persist.
They have to for backward compatibility but they reflect API gives us a cleaner and quicker access to
this to all those things.
Additionally Of course it also introduces some new features some new method which allows us to do things
we weren't able to do before.
So that's another big advantage and deferred advantage is together with the proxy API which you will
learn about in the next module and it works well together with it and you will see why that is.
But with that it gives us a great way to interact with that API.
As I said I'll come back to that in the next module.
So that's the theory.
Let's see how it actually works and which methods it offers to us.